{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Delimiter: \'93;\'94\
Port number: \'931337\'94\
0,0,0 is the back, left corner\
TimeOut = USERQUIT (20 seconds)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\fs48 \cf0 Client
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Connect to server\

\b0 1. 		HELLO <Username> [Chat] [Leaderboard] [Challenge]\
\

\b Start a game\

\b0 1a. 		PLAY HUMAN <Number of players> [Dimension]\
1b. 		PLAY COMPUTER <Number of players> [Dimension]\
\
3a.		READY\
3b.		DECLINE\
\

\b Playing a game\

\b0 1. 		MAKEMOVE <x> <y> <z>\
\

\b Chat
\b0 \
		BROADCAST <text>\
		WHISPER <username> <text>\
		CHATUSERS\
		GAMECHAT <text>\
\

\b Challenge\

\b0 		CHALLENGE <Username> [Username 1] \'85 [Username n]\
		ACCEPT\
		CHALLENGEDECLINE\
		STATUS <Username>\
		AVAILABLE\
\

\b Leaderboard\

\b0 		LEADERBOARD\
\

\b Password	\

\b0 		PASSWORD <hash of password>\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i\fs48 \cf0 Server
\i0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Connect to server\

\b0 2a. 		HELLO [Chat] [Leaderboard] [Challenge]\
2b. 		ERR_USERNAME_TAKEN\
\

\b Start a game\

\b0 2a.		WAIT\
2b.		READY <Username1> <Username2> [Username 3] \'85 [Username n]\
in case of DECLINE, go to 2a\
\

\b Playing a game\

\b0 1. 		REQUESTMOVE <Username>\
2a. 		SETMOVE <Username> <x> <y> <z>\
2b. 		ERR_INVALIDMOVE <x> <y> <z>\
2c.		ERR_NOTYOURTURN\
3a.		GAMEOVER [Username of winner]\
3b.		ERR_USERQUIT <Username of quitter>\
\

\b Chat
\b0 \
		BROADCAST <Username who did sent the message> <text> (voor iedereen op de server)\
		WHISPER <Username who did sent the message> <text> (voor 1 user)\
		CHATUSERS <Username (of the one who requested it)> [Username 1] \'85 [Username n]\
		GAMECHAT <user> <text> (voor iedereen in de game)\
		ERR_USERNOTFOUNDCHAT\
		ERR_USERHASNOCHAT\
		ERR_NOTINAGAME\
\

\b Challenge\

\b0 		CHALLENGED <Username> [Username 1] \'85 [Username n]\
		CANCELLED <USERNAME>\
		ERR_USERNOTFOUNDCHALLENGE <Username> [Username 1] \'85 [Username n]\
		ERR_USERINGAME <Username> [Username 1] \'85 [Username n]\
		ERR_USERHASNOCHALLENGE <Username> [Username 1] \'85 [Username n]\
		STATUS <Username> AVAILABLE/NOT\
		AVAILABLE [Username 1] \'85 [Username n]\
\

\b Leaderboard\

\b0 		LEADERBOARD <Username> <points> (send this command multiple times)\
\

\b Password\

\b0 		REQUESTPASSWORD\
		ACCESSGRANTED\
		ERR_ACCESSDENIED\
		REGISTERED\
		\
		if username is not taken, it automatically creates an account when you sent a password. You get both the Access granted & the registered message\
\

\b Other\

\b0 		ERR_COMMANDNOTRECOGNIZED <Command>}